Telemetry: Add Core; polish MessageDb (#354)
jet/equinox: README.md

# Components

> The components within this repository are delivered as multi-targeted Nuget packages supporting `net6.0` (F# 4.5+) profiles; each of the constituent elements is designed to be easily swappable as dictated by the task at hand. Each of the components can be inlined or customized easily:-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The components within this repository are delivered as multi-targeted Nuget packages supporting `net6.0` (F# >= 6) profiles; each of the constituent elements is designed to be easily swappable as dictated by the task at hand. Each of the components can be inlined or customized easily:-
```
